README.md, before:

# smart_device_svr
controls network devices using cron

## Commentary
     This server script schedules the switching on or off of smart
       devices, such as, for example, the wifi of an at&t u-verse
       router connected to the local area network, depending on tcp
       messages received over port 29998 consisting of commands issued
       to do so via cron scheduling, or via telnet from an opened
       terminal, or from the send_to_smart_device_svr.lua client.
       Recognized commands include: 
          0
	  1
	  turn off wifi
 	  in 30 minutes turn wifi on for 2 hours and 30 minutes
	  on 2009-11-05 disable wifi for 30 minutes at 3:00 pm
 	  on mon,tue,wed turn on wifi for 5 hours at 3:00pm
	  and variations on these themes.

     When using telnet, the user is only allowed 30 seconds to type
       in a command.  In the case of a two part non-recurring on and
       off command, if there exists conflicting events in crontab
       which prevent the command from uninterrupted fulfillment, then
       those events are commented out in the crontab, effectively
       placed on hold until the given command can run its course,
       after which time they are unheld.

     Additionally, at bootup, when the program is started, it
       assumes that the computer was offline during the last scheduled
       cron statement relating to turning on or off the device(s), and
       so, looks at the current users cron table and executes the last
       cron statement that happens to involve said device(s).


## Compiling notes:
          Compiling of ccronexpr.so and ccronexpr_misc_utils.so may be accomplished by using the command `make all', executed from the root directory of the unzipped archive.

          ccronexpr.so is ordinarily compiled using the following statement:
             gcc -o ccronexpr.so ccronexpr.c -shared -fPIC -DCRON_USE_LOCAL_TIME

          ccronexpr_misc_utils.so is compiled by the following:
             gcc -o ccronexpr_misc_utils.so ccronexpr_misc_utils.c -shared -fPIC
   
          luajit and luasocket must be compiled, in their respective directories, with:
             make && make install 

          luasocket must have in its src directory a copy of lua.h luaconf.h and luaxlib.h pertaining to lua-5.1, which have already been provided.

          The following scripts are copied to /usr/bin:
             send_to_smart_device_svr.lua  
             start_smart_device_svr.sh


## Scheduling:

          This is the crontab I've been using ( set with crontab -e, notice that there are no seconds fields ):

            59 22 * * sun,mon,tue,wed,thu screen -dm emacs -nw -Q -l /home/pi/scripts/disable_wifi.el
            0 15 * * mon,tue,wed,thu,fri screen -dm emacs -nw -Q -l /home/pi/scripts/enable_wifi.el
            59 23 * * fri,sat screen -dm emacs -nw -Q -l /home/pi/scripts/disable_wifi.el
            0 7 * * sat,sun screen -dm emacs -nw -Q -l /home/pi/scripts/enable_wifi.el
   
## References:  
          ccronexpr.c is from https://github.com/staticlibs/ccronexpr

          The lua wrapper to ccronexpr.c is from
          https://github.com/tarantool/cron-parser/blob/master/cron-parser.lua with some debugging

          table.save-1.0.lua is from http://lua-users.org/wiki/SaveTableToFile

          md5.lua is from https://github.com/kikito/md5.lua/blob/master/md5.lua

          LuaJIT-2.0.5 is from http://luajit.org/download.html

Commit message:

Version 0.7
Some bug fixes.  There is no longer a need to configure the script by editing each occurence of the scripts directory after installing, as it now gets the working directory and uses that for the scripts directory in the cron table.  Recurring days of the week now work properly.  The md5 command now includes listing md5 sums of held items.  A couple of new commands have been added, namely 'status wifi' and 'temp', which are self explanatory.

README.md, after:

# smart_device_svr
controls network devices using cron

## Commentary
     This server script schedules the switching on or off of smart
       devices, such as, for example, the wifi of an at&t u-verse
       router connected to the local area network, depending on tcp
       messages received over port 29998 consisting of commands issued
       to do so via cron scheduling, or via telnet from an opened
       terminal, or from the send_to_smart_device_svr.lua client.
       Recognized commands include: 
          0
	  
	  1

	  turn off wifi

	  in 30 minutes turn wifi on for 2 hours and 30 minutes

	  on 2009-11-05 disable wifi for 30 minutes at 3:00 pm

	  on mon,tue,wed turn on wifi for 5 hours at 3:00pm

	  status wifi

	  at midnight on fridays reboot wifi
	  
	  ... and variations on these themes.

     When using telnet, the user is only allowed 30 seconds to type
       in a command.  In the case of a two part non-recurring on and
       off command, if there exists conflicting events in crontab
       which prevent the command from uninterrupted fulfillment, then
       those events are commented out in the crontab, effectively
       placed on hold until the given command can run its course,
       after which time they are unheld.

     Additionally, at bootup, when the program is started, it
       assumes that the computer was offline during the last scheduled
       cron statement relating to turning on or off the device(s), and
       so, looks at the current users cron table and executes the last
       cron statement that happens to involve said device(s).


## Compiling notes:
          Compiling of ccronexpr.so and ccronexpr_misc_utils.so may be accomplished by using the command `make all', executed from the root directory of the unzipped archive.

          ccronexpr.so is ordinarily compiled using the following statement:
             gcc -o ccronexpr.so ccronexpr.c -shared -fPIC -DCRON_USE_LOCAL_TIME

          ccronexpr_misc_utils.so is compiled by the following:
             gcc -o ccronexpr_misc_utils.so ccronexpr_misc_utils.c -shared -fPIC
   
          luajit and luasocket must be compiled, in their respective directories, with:
             make && make install 

          luasocket must have in its src directory a copy of lua.h luaconf.h and luaxlib.h pertaining to lua-5.1, which have already been provided.

          The following scripts are copied to /usr/bin:
             send_to_smart_device_svr.lua  
             start_smart_device_svr.sh


## Scheduling:

          This is the crontab I've been using ( set with crontab -e, notice that there are no seconds fields ):

            59 22 * * sun,mon,tue,wed,thu screen -dm emacs -nw -Q -l /home/pi/scripts/disable_wifi.el
            0 15 * * mon,tue,wed,thu,fri screen -dm emacs -nw -Q -l /home/pi/scripts/enable_wifi.el
            59 23 * * fri,sat screen -dm emacs -nw -Q -l /home/pi/scripts/disable_wifi.el
            0 7 * * sat,sun screen -dm emacs -nw -Q -l /home/pi/scripts/enable_wifi.el
   
## References:  
          ccronexpr.c is from https://github.com/staticlibs/ccronexpr

          The lua wrapper to ccronexpr.c is from
          https://github.com/tarantool/cron-parser/blob/master/cron-parser.lua but is not currently used

          table.save-1.0.lua is from http://lua-users.org/wiki/SaveTableToFile but is not currently used

          md5.lua is from https://github.com/kikito/md5.lua/blob/master/md5.lua

          LuaJIT-2.0.5 is from http://luajit.org/download.html
